feat: Configurable cgroup ID regex for process discovery component (#1557)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/discovery/discovery.process.md

| Name               | Type                | Description                                                                              | Default | Required |
|--------------------|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|----------|
| `join`             | `list(map(string))` | Join external targets to discovered processes targets based on `__container_id__` label. |         | no       |

> | `cgroup_id_regex`  | `string`            | Regex expression to retrieve cgroup ID of the process.                                   |         | no       |

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#regex

I think we should also document that the regular expression needs to have exactly one capture group which is what is used to extract the ID.

```suggestion
| `cgroup_id_regex`  | `string`            | Regular expression to retrieve cgroup ID of the process.                                   |         | no       |
```

Author: Yes, agree about documenting about capture groups. Modified the docs as suggested. Cheers!!

> | `cgroup_id_regex`  | `string`            | Regular expression that captures only one group that will used as cgroup ID of process.  |         | no       |

Reviewer 2: It may be a dumb question, but is it not possible to use `discovery.relabel` instead of introducing `cgroup_id_regex`  ?

Author: Ahh I see what you mean but even to use relabel we need `process` component exporting cgroup path field in the targets. Because we need a cgroup ID which maps to a compute unit (pod, VM or batch job) of resource manager. which is usually in the cgroup path.

But I guess your suggestion opens a new direction. We can simply export cgroup path as one of the target fields and end users can use `relabel` to retrieve cgroup ID from the path. This will simplify error handling as well as there is no regex compiling involved and so, no need of updating and any mutexes. 

@mattdurham What do you think?

Author: @mattdurham Just checking in to see where are we with this PR.

Reviewer 3: >  We can simply export cgroup path as one of the target fields and end users can use relabel to retrieve cgroup ID from the path.

This would be very helpful. I would like to set service_name based on the systemd service name (which could be determined by cgroup). Looking forward have this PR merged

]
```

### Cgroup ID regex

> Argument `cgroup_id_regex` allows to capture the cgroup ID of the process managed by other resource managers like
> SLURM, Libvirt, _etc._ The capture cgroup ID can be exported as `__meta_process_cgroup_id` field when enabled.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `cgroup_id_regex` argument allows you to capture the cgroup ID of the process managed by other resource managers like SLURM or Libvirt.
When it is enabled, you can export the cgroup ID as the `__meta_process_cgroup_id` field.
```

| `commandline`  | `bool` | A flag to enable discovering `__meta_process_commandline` label. | true    | no       |
| `uid`          | `bool` | A flag to enable discovering `__meta_process_uid`: label.        | true    | no       |
| `username`     | `bool` | A flag to enable discovering `__meta_process_username`: label.   | true    | no       |

> | `cgroup_path`  | `bool` | A flag to enable discovering `__meta_cgroup_path__` label.       | true    | no       |

Reviewer 5: This is still inconsistent:

```suggestion
| `cgroup_path`  | `bool` | A flag to enable discovering `__meta_cgroup_path__` label.       | false    | no       |
```

    commandline = true
    username = true
    uid = true
    cgroup_path = true
    container_id = true
  }

> }

Reviewer 5: A separate example showing how to parse the cgroup in a `discovery.relabel` would be nice.

Not fully understand your usecase, but it looks like you are doing something with qemu vms, maybe relevant/helpful for someone else.

Author: Yes, I agree. It would be very useful to have an example.

Well, our use case is to profile HPC batch jobs. We can retrieve job IDs using the `cgroup` name and use this job ID as `service_name` to aggregate the profiles of all processes running under a job.

  }
}

### Example discovering processes on the local host based on `cgroups` path

> To discover processes running under systemd services on the local host.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following example configuration shows you how to discover processes running under systemd services on the local host.
```

We could expand this intro sentence a little (I know the previous example doesn't have this intro sentence... fixing things like this are on the list of things to improve in the docs).
